changed linked text 'here' to something more descriptive. (#107321)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-maps/how-to-use-map-control.md

The Map Control client-side JavaScript library allows you to render maps and embedded Azure Maps functionality into your web or mobile application.

> This article uses the Azure Maps Web SDK, however the Azure Maps services works with any map control. For a list of Third party map control plugins, see [Azure Maps community - Open-source projects](open-source-projects.md#third-part-map-control-plugins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article uses the Azure Maps Web SDK, however the Azure Maps services work with any map control. For a list of third-party map control plug-ins, see [Azure Maps community - Open-source projects](open-source-projects.md#third-part-map-control-plugins).
```
Fixing verb agreement and punctuation
